breaking: rename 'pullrequests' to 'actions' (#990)
updatecli/updatecli: README.adoc

      file: charts/jenkins/values.yaml
      key: jenkins.controller.imageTag

action:
  default:

>     title: Open a GtiHub Pull Request with new Jenkins version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    title: Open a GitHub Pull Request with new Jenkins version
```

. Targets: +
Do we have to update the key "jenkins.controller.imageTag" from file "./charts/jenkins/values.yaml" located on the Github repository olblak/charts to "2.335"? +

> => If yes then execute the action `default` which opens a Github pull request to the branch "main"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
=> If yes then execute the action `default` opening a GitHub pull request to the "main" branch
```
